Permission updates (#685)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: developer/articles/create-a-custom-permission-group.mdx

CloudCannon will add the new Permission Group to the *Groups* tab on the *Team* page. You are now able to [add team members to your custom permission group](/documentation/user-articles/add-a-team-member-to-a-permission-group/).

> <comp.Notice info_type="info">
>   You can only grant permissions that you already hold. CloudCannon will prevent you from creating a Permission Group with a resource you do not hold at the selected scope. For more information, please read our documentation on [selecting resources](/documentation/developer-articles/what-are-custom-permission-groups/#selecting-resources).
> </comp.Notice>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<comp.Notice info_type="info">
  When you create a *Custom Permission Group*, CloudCannon will prevent you from granting a *Permission* to that *Group* that you do not have at the selected *Scope*. This behavior prevents *Permission* escalation. For more information, please read our documentation on [selecting resources](/documentation/developer-articles/what-are-custom-permission-groups/#selecting-resources).
</comp.Notice>

```
